Pare down Go client 8.6, 8.7, 8.8 (#5135)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/concepts/job-workers.md

If you wish to test this, you can do so by simulating a very slow worker with your new implementation. Then, start generating many jobs on the server side (e.g. create many process instances with lots of jobs). You should then observe backpressure via server side metrics, or many `Job.YIELD` commands written to the log.

> Refer to the [Java and implementation](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/tree/main/clients) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [implementations](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/tree/main/clients) for more information.
```
